my sports channel spotty be talking
about to the never burst under them as
elitist season assassin channel leeches
also a key to conquer this Mira Mira
songs to let up as Elysium and I guess
this is about navigation media so you
are interesting in their work city
totally cut some cattle down and over
here I think so I think I get better the
hardest get more better
just like the Dominican whether the I
say at Holeman two mini car will be
educate them name a portuguese elope
Arriaga Tawana the chicken go get from
Giovanni Dominica civilians are given
the de una cosa colostomy that kukuku
need when you need considered estas
approval to get from now these coral are
on well run and the pristine and
the other one was like after the 6r yeah
I think the DAR give me a lot of support
yeah from the from the team yes who
cares I'm some that don't get I get
patterns in between mom and I get money
to new student member what to me mind it
the warning they will need keys on a
condom name and it is all sugar
Oh Trini I just meant we kept on the
yeah get arrested and they will a genie
we get on didn't go ahead and swim be
Ravana how about our security Otunga yes
I prepare for that are before the game
because I think we'd be using the
reliever picture a lot so one had to go
seven or more but I think I have a
hundred picture 107 when I get to the
seven inning so they stopped me right
there boy you say each other but it on
joke with some him the result I got kill
get and Jetta tango again that's how you
know chillin in Jungle Tangipahoa seeing
their son Sergei put on Dodona Curt Agee
crazy old man theta ago Mohammed Atta
Akbar we do it that way man yeah they
get some guns versus the little bunny
come up Takuya Kirikou ask me that one
again do somebody you know the man you
got talk about something gets to comes
up oh that's hot one and there can you
get on Jenna girl said hey big guy you
don't go quite a young body of helium
balloon in this you're gonna bother to
stir strikeouts been useful like was
that because you wanted
I really wasn't thinking about strikeout
or not the first thing I always go to my
mind I won't take the heater it's like
one page I wish each heater but it
doesn't happen when but when I get him
the point a strikeout points and then is
when I think I strike out the heater but
uh and it's not really important in
striker or not for me when Amundsen I
want a man again yeah I'm Jim Crockett
from your junk we're talking cat on G
double murder case something timing
human and picked age it sometimes hang I
can't go G here on some jeans Nick Ricky
jr. cranky they make their audiences on
so you know the song clothes how come
you tell Museveni the grande I'm go get
wine and oh no no to cable man Tim pony
keg a cotton Troon you've already Anika
spoil you don't matter they've got a
pool man so don't even need Anika I feel
very happy and a lot of convey a lot of
confidence in the game I think they hear
a little lake today but they hit a lot
so I have a lot of confidence on the
player because we've been hard Thursday
so which one are just really gained
confidence yes you say agua ko
ching-teng a hot item named Chucky
contains I think unknown to go Cuban
chosen the one they had a video you know
not be this on Sunday
Vinita Mitsuko acting there can you say
something in Korea LG fans around here
accustomed with that it is also a winner
and we departed a sample gets me the
congratulations of we're winning console
Mira Mira my sports channel SPO TV